[SRVCOM-1499] Overriding podDisruptionBudgets for High availability (#77955)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-overriding-pdbs-serving.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * /serverless/serving/ha-replicas-serving.adoc

Reviewer: ??
```suggestion
// * /knative-serving/config-ha-services/ha-replicas-serving.adoc
// * /eventing/tuning/serverless-ha.adoc
```
```

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-overriding-poddistruptionbudgets-serving_{context}"]

> = Overriding podDisruptionBudgets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Overriding disruption budgets
```

> A Pod Disruption Budget (PDB) is a standard feature of Kubernetes APIs that helps to limit the disruption to an application when its pods need to be rescheduled for maintenance reasons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Pod Disruption Budget (PDB) is a standard feature of Kubernetes APIs that helps limit the disruption to an application when its pods need to be rescheduled for maintenance reasons.
```

.Procedure

> * You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeServing CR`.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above about the imperative mood:
```suggestion
* Override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeServing CR`.
```

> * You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeServing CR`.

Reviewer 3: Same comment about "CR":
```suggestion
* You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).
```

[NOTE]
====
If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the podDisruptionBudget will prevent automatic cluster or operator upgrades.
====

> 

Reviewer: [Same comment](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/77955/files#r1661433079) as above.

> .An example of minAvailable set to 70% for PDB named activator-pdb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example PDB with a `minAvailable` seting of 70%
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
 name: knative-serving
 namespace: knative-serving
spec:
 podDisruptionBudgets:

>    -    name: activator-pdb

Reviewer 2: This formatting is strange, let's use the same as for KnativeEventing. It seems to render correctly though.

> If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.

Reviewer 3: Same feedback on this note as in the other module, just combining it all in one comment here:
```suggestion
If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to `1`, make sure you also update the corresponding `podDisruptionBudget` `minAvailable` value to `0`. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or Operator updates.
```
